[KADLECEK] Thank you for coming
all this way, Lord Morteln.
It's nice to see you again.
Truly a pleasure.
The pleasure is mine,
Your Grace. I assure you.
I hear congratulations
are in order
for your eldest's heir
coming of age.
Well, he may have grown older,
but I'd say he is still
very much a child.
I must also express my honor
at having been invited
to such an incredible banquet,
by the leader
of the central army.
[laughs]
That is quite flattering
coming from a hero
of your reputation, my good sir!
By the way,
this is my grandson, Squale.
He graduated first in his class
from the officers'
boarding school.
An impressive achievement.
[gasps] It is an absolute
honor to meet you.
I mean that, My Lord!
I am likewise pleased to make
your acquaintance, Lord Squale.
However, seeing as how you
are my superior in rank,
I must humbly insist
that you call me "Casserole."
Right! Forgive the error,
My Lord!
-[whimpering]
-Enough! Loosen up, my boy.
Please forgive
this silly display.
He's told me how much
he idolizes you.
He's been looking forward
to meeting you
for a long while now.
Blame the minstrels.
It seems their tantalizing tales
of your heroic exploits
have made you practically
a legend among our youth.
I can hardly think
of a greater honor.
And who is this?
Your son, I presume?
Correct.
Pas, introduce yourself.
I am honored
to make your acquaintance.
I am the son
of Casserole Mille Morteln.
You may call me Pastry.
Oh!
[smirks]
♪
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius patissier,
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats,
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn
and dreams of creating this new
world's very own land of sweets!
Greetings, my Lord Squale
and congratulations.
Ascension to manhood
is no small feat.
I thank you
for this auspicious audience.
It is truly an honor.
[gasps] Right!
You flatter me
with your most elegant words!
I am unworthy of...
[groans] Ow.
[laughs] Pure magnificence!
You're rather more put together
than my own grandson,
aren't you?
As it were, I heard a rumor
floating about
that you have also
recently come of age.
Tell me, were you endowed
with magic at that time?
Yes, only by the grace of God,
of course.
I too, was blessed with the gift
of magical ability.
Ah!
[KADLECEK] For both father
and son to be so gifted,
it is apparent
that House Morteln
has earned God's good favor.
I cannot imagine a more
wonderful thought than that.
Though it may be merely
a coincidence.
Ah.
I believe luck was on my side.
Nothing more and nothing less
than pure luck.
Ah!
I respect your humility.
Would you be so kind
as to demonstrate your magic?
If it would please Your Grace,
then of course!
Now then, might I trouble you
to hold out that cloth for me,
please?
Yes, do as he says.
♪
Replicate!
Oh!
[guests mumbling]
-That is quite impressive, boy!
-Oh!
[KADLECEK]
Fascinating.
A spell that allows you
to create pictures.
It's truly spectacular!
[PAS] Thank you for the praise,
Your Grace.
-Ah!
-If I may be so bold,
I wish to offer this picture
as a gift
to Lord Squale Kadlecek.
Huh?
From myself and on behalf
of Margrave Hubarek
and his lovely family.
A token from Margrave Hubarek?
Yet he doesn't appear
to be in attendance today.
Am I to understand
that this girl is...
Indeed.
The third daughter
of Margrave Hubarek,
the charming. Lady Petra.
Prior to our arrival here,
my father used his magic
to visit the Margravate
of Hubarek,
whereupon we met with them.
As you are well aware,
the Margravate has been
consistently embroiled
in a bitter feud
with its neighbor.
This makes it challenging
for Lady Petra
to leave their territory.
That is why the margrave asked
if we might introduce her
on his behalf.
Lady Petra. My word.
She is a vision of beauty!
[both smirk]
[PAS] Lady Petra is holding
a celebration next month
for her own coming of age.
Her dearest wish is this,
that you will attend
as an expression of friendship.
I'm afraid we--
If she wishes it,
I shall be there!
[KADLECEK]
My foolish grandson!
Responding so quickly
without even a second thought
of his station!
Can't he see
that they're scheming
to arrange a marriage?!
This boy.
Although he's a child,
I must not underestimate him.
What is the precise date
of this occasion?
Don't get ahead of yourself,
Squale.
How exactly do you intend
to travel such a great distance?
Ah?
There's no need to worry
about such a thing.
We'll help.
How so?
My father would be
more than willing
to lend his magic to the cause.
Do you hear that, Grandfather?
What great news!
It will be no trouble
at all for me
to attend the celebration.
And it's all thanks
to Lord Morteln's magic!
[grunts]
You really don't mind?
I would hate to impose
too greatly on you.
It's no trouble at all.
Squale. Heaven's sake.
[PAS]
Your Grace.
Hm?
You should know that during
our visit it appeared to me
that Lord Hubarek
had ulterior motives.
[KADLECEK]
Ulterior motives?
I can't help but suspect
that the margrave
has grown weary
of the constant border disputes
that have long plagued his land.
Hm? What does that have to do
with anything?
[PAS] It only makes sense
that he would desire
to use the awesome military
power Your Grace controls
to stamp out
his opponent's will to fight
and end the feuding forever.
I believe he may be seeking
a romantic match
in order to achieve that end.
That makes sense.
I will bear that in mind.
You have my thanks.
All merely my own unfounded
speculation, of course.
Out of respect
for his kind invitation,
I shall attend these joyous
festivities as well!
Perhaps my grandson
will find his romantic destiny.
At the very least,
it will surely make a good story
to take back to His Majesty!
[PAS] He bellowed that
declaration as loud as he could
to make sure everyone
around us heard.
I shall be counting on you.
We're in your able hands.
I am honored by your trust.
[PAS] He strategically
declared his plan
to keep the king informed
so that his intentions
are clear.
He acts in the best interests
of the kingdom.
[chuckles]
[guests mumbling]
Lord Pastry Morteln,
in honor of this occasion,
may I ask that you address me
as Squale from now on?
Ah?
Honestly, I'm a bit
uncomfortable with formalities.
I understand. In that case,
I do hope you'll agree
to call me Pastry in return.
As you wish, and while
I have you, Lord Pastry.
Yes?
[SQUALE] Might I ask, what kinds
of things does Lady Petra like?
Flowers or food, for instance.
Things Lady Petra likes?
Let me think.
I've only met her once, however,
there must be something.
Mmm.
She does seem rather fond
of sweets.
Sweets?
I presented her
with some homemade cookies
when we first met, and she
seemed overjoyed by them.
Then would I be correct
in assuming
that you're quite skilled
at making sweet treats?
I am! Better than anyone!
I'm never happier
than when I'm whipping up
something sweet and tasty!
In fact, I recently made a pie
with bonkas
I bought here in the capital
and...
[SQUALE] I'm sorry
but would you mind
if we discuss your pie
another time?
Oh. [chuckles]
I got a bit carried away there.
I'm not sure quite
how to say this
but, um, I have a favor to ask
of you, Lord Pastry!
I'd be glad to assist you
in any way that I can.
[SQUALE] Good, because it's
something that only you can do!
You want me to make
special sweets?
Leave it all to me!
We'll start with...
About Lady Petra's portrait.
Huh?
Could you alter it for me?
Alter it how?
It could be, well a bit more
tantalizing, you know?
Ah?
♪
[PAS] I suppose boys
are a bit gross
in any age and in any world.
♪
Let's go!
[CASSEROLE] I'm happy to see
that distribution of food
and firewood provisions
among the citizens
is going smoothly.
[FEUILLE] And it's all
on House Morteln's tab, correct?
Did you really have to go
and arrange for all this
by yourself, Boss?
What are you getting at?
A lord so eager to enrich
the lives of his subjects
he runs off to earn more money.
Surely you must admit,
it's rather unheard of.
I realize it's not especially
dignified
but I would hardly be fulfilling
my responsibilities
if I were to let my people
starve, now would I?
Well, I guess
that indulgent side
is another part
of your ineffable charm.
I'm glad you feel that way,
as I'll need you to work
that much harder
to compensate for it.
You know, it wouldn't kill you
to show me a little taste of
indulgence every now and then.
What are we indulging in?
Some fresh-baked sweets, I hope?
[BOTH]
No chance.
Aw, shucks.
[door closes]
Everything circles back
to sweets for you,
-doesn't it, kid?
-[chuckles] Hello, Father.
Some letters
have just arrived for you.
I see. Thank you.
The first one comes
from Duke Kadlecek.
And the second one
is from Margrave Hubarek.
Hm.
♪
So, what do the letters say?
Well, Pas, Feuille, rejoice.
It seems
we're to receive a windfall.
Twenty thousand silver coins.
That's amazing!
Oh, wow!
Does this mean that Lord Squale
is officially engaged
to Lady Petra then?
[CASSEROLE]
Indeed.
It appears they have decided
to announce it privately,
on a happy day
that Lady Petra comes of age.
[PAS] Then it was worth it
spending all those hours
on the matchmaking photo
after all!
Even though
it was a huge hassle.
It took two whole torturous days
to produce a picture
that the margrave approved of!
[sighs]
He intends to send us
an advance.
We will soon receive
30 gold coins.
Why, how very generous of him!
Maybe you can build yourself
a grand estate!
What do ya say?
Don't be a fool.
The gold coins are
to help arrange
for Lady Petra's security.
They are?
His letter is a request
to entrust us
with her safekeeping.
She will be
in our care to, from,
and during her coming-of-age
announcement in the capital.
Smart man.
There are plenty
of folks out there
who would oppose the idea
of a marriage
between those two houses.
Utmost vigilance is a must.
True. I don't suppose
the neighboring territory
they're feuding with
will be too happy.
It's a good thing
they're keeping
the engagement
secret until then,
let's just hope
it stays a secret.
The Church knows, right?
-Huh?
-Hm?
[CASSEROLE]
Officially, the Church
is meant to be a neutral entity
but a large enough bribe
has been known
to loosen even their tongues.
Everyone knows that
they're "officially" neutral.
That's why they're able
to collect all kinds
of information
that's supposed to be secret.
Aw, geez.
What a massive pain in the neck!
[CASSEROLE] I can protect
Lady Petra herself well enough,
since she will be under my watch
while we teleport.
[PAS]
It won't be easy.
Looking after Lady Petra
while also transporting her
retinue to the capital,
that could prove difficult
even for you.
I could potentially teleport
Lady Petra alone to the capital
to account for this danger,
so long as we could have
security ready for her arrival.
[PAS] I suppose that's what
all that gold is for, huh?
It would be easy enough
to recruit aid in the capital,
yet decidedly harder
to prevent unsavory characters
from infiltrating.
Fair point.
It's not worth the hassle.
[CASSEROLE]
We have no choice.
It's my lordly responsibility
to secure the position
of our fiefdom
and this will earn us the trust
of two of the kingdom's
major players.
To ensure the prosperity
of the Fief of Morteln,
I will gladly accept
this challenge.
[PAS] That's right and it's not
just for the Fief of Morteln.
We have to succeed
to make my dream
of a land of sweets a reality.
Failure is not an option
for this all-important mission!
Hm, but what about the risk
of the Church leaking
information.
The Church!
Kid?
If you have another thought
about the Church, do tell.
I just thought
of the perfect place
for us to keep Lady Petra safe
from harm!
Where's that?
A place with no windows
and only one entrance
and it's surrounded
by thick walls on every side.
Hm. The True Sanctification
ritual chamber!
Well, I'll be.
That's an incredible idea!
[PAS]
She'll be going to the capital
for her coming-of-age
announcement anyway.
It's expected
that she'll undergo
the Sanctification Ceremony
beforehand.
We can tell people
that it's running a bit long.
Then we can keep Lady Petra
locked away safely
until the engagement
is announced!
"Locking her away" sounds a bit
too dramatic, though.
We're just keeping her safe
from outsiders
who seek to do her harm.
It might just work.
Agreed,
it's the best choice we have.
All right! And since we won't
be hiring mercenaries,
that means those 30 gold coins
are all ours!
One last thing,
I have a bill here
for materials purchased
from the traveling merchant.
Please settle it.
-Sure, thanks.
-Thank you.
Now please excuse me.
[CASSEROLE]
Not so fast.
Yes? Did you need something
else, Father Dearest?
Would you care to explain
why you're presenting me
with this bill for a crate
of bonkas and a barrel of sugar?
[gasps]
The kid's addicted to sweets.
[laughs]
Did you frivolously spend
all this money
without so much as consulting
me on the expenditure?
[guilty giggle]
[CASSEROLE] Don't you dare
giggle at me, you fool of a son!
[pained scream]
Your days of receiving
an allowance
are officially over!
[crying]
[hoofbeats]
[horse snorts]
Thank you for coming today.
It's nice to see you, Lord
Casserole.
We're honored that you saw fit
to meet us in person,
Lord Hubarek.
Ah, I see you brought your son
with you today.
He is to help me escort
Her Ladyship.
With the situation as it is,
she may end up waiting
for quite a long time
before the announcement.
Talking to someone
closer to her own age
might help stave off boredom.
[CASSEROLE]
I shall keep it to myself
that my nine-year-old son
is an integral part of the plan.
It's a pleasure
to see you again.
[HUBAREK]
Your impressive magic
is why we are blessed
with this marriage.
You have my gratitude, truly.
[PAS]
I am honored by your words.
Now, to the carriage.
My daughter is already on board.
Hello, Lord Morteln!
Thank you so much
for accompanying me
on this journey.
Lady Petra, I don't believe
you have ever looked lovelier
than you do today.
My, such flattering words!
Lady Petra, it pleases me
to see you smile so.
Speaking of smiling,
I must thank you for the cookies
that you recently gifted me.
I'm elated to hear
that you enjoyed them.
You've made my day.
I'll think up new reasons
to send you some on occasion.
[chuckles] How grand!
I've been dreaming of them
ever since my last bite.
They were utterly delicious!
[PAS] Really?
When I was mixing the flour,
-I added a dash of...
-[clear throat]
Huh?
[CASSEROLE]
Pas, we're in a hurry.
Right! I got carried away.
Lady Licorice,
it's nice to see you.
Yes.
Lico, please try to be a bit
friendlier.
After all, he kindly traveled
all this way just to escort us.
I apologize, dear sister.
I'm not the one
you should be apologizing to.
I'm sorry, Lord Pastry.
I truly hope
she hasn't upset you too much.
It's fine. Don't fret about it.
Let's get moving.
[horse neighs]
[hoofbeats]
[PETRA] Can you make
other things besides cookies?
[PAS]
Of course, I can!
I'm just an afterthought.
I always am.
[PAS]
Here's the plan.
We'll enter the church
within the Margravate's borders
under the pretense of receiving
the True Sanctification ritual.
From there, we'll secretly
teleport to the church
in the capital.
Lady Petra will hide safely
in the chamber
until it's time
for the announcement.
Meanwhile,
we'll all stand guard outside.
That's the idea, anyway.
That's the truth about bonkas!
Each one is special...
As expected,
I have received word
that those seeking
to harm my precious daughter
are already making their move.
It's up to you, Casserole.
I leave her in your hands.
Right. There is no need
for concern,
as my men are already making
preparations in the capital.
[CASSEROLE]
I swear
that I will protect
your daughter at all costs.
[hoofbeats]
♪
At last, we've arrived.
It is time, milady.
[PETRA]
Coming!
[sword clinks]
[PAS]
They're here!
[bandits screaming]
[panting]
-[men grunting]
-[swords clanking]
[MALE BANDIT 1]
They're inside the carriage!
Stop them!
-[both scream]
-Stay away!
[bandit screams]
♪
[gasps]
[grunting]
[MALE BANDIT 2]
You little brat.
Stand down, coward.
You won't
lay a hand on these girls!
[gasps]
[screams]
[grunting]
Look out!
[bandits groan]
-Huh?
-[sword clangs]
[bandit groans]
You dastards!
Train for 200 more years
and then try again!
[BANDIT 1]
Retreat!
[bandits panting]
Say, Father, I'm almost positive
that people can't actually live
for 200 years.
Hm. Then I shall reduce
their training to 100 years.
That won't work either.
Lord Casserole,
Lord Pastry. Job well done.
I'm forever grateful to you
for protecting the lives
of my sweet daughters.
Of course.
Now, let's hurry inside.
Yes.
[whimpering]
Come, let's go.
[PETRA]
Right.
[both exhale]
[PAS] Makes sense
that they're frightened.
♪
This is my first time
in the basement here.
We're going quite deep
underground, aren't we?
Oh! My poor sister.
[gasps]
♪
You need not worry.
We won't let anything
happen to you.
Ah!
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation...
"Schemes and Frothy Hearts."
Bon appétit!